Frequently Asked Questions

Q.: Why configuration files editing is better than settings window with tabs?
	
A.: This way is more reliable. The settings window was nothing more 
    than a specialized editor. But we have thousands of free universal text 
    editors including standard Notepad. Use your favorite text editor for 
    configuration editing and enjoy!

    They were removed few hundred lines of source code related to old settings 
    window. Less code we have less bugs we have!!

Q.: How can I disable boot time defragmenter manually?

A.: If something is wrong and boot-off script does not work properly, remove 
    the defrag_native entry from the following Registry parameter manually:

    HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Session Manager\BootExecute

Q.: Why UD doesn't work on x64 Vista with Service Pack 1?

A.: This version of Windows needs driver signature (from Microsoft) to load 
    program's engine. Bill Gates thinks that you are so stupid that you can't 
    decide, load the driver without signature or not. Therefore you can't allow 
    that though you are a system administrator and maybe payed few hunreds 
    of dollars for a Windows license.

    THE DRIVER SIGNATURE IS COMPLETELY INCOMPATIBLE WITH GPL!!!
    Because we need a new signature for each new build. Therefore I will never 
    try to get them for UD driver.

Q.: I've seen message "Can't load ultradfg driver!" on Windows Vista. I think 
    that Vista is preventing this driver from loading because the signature
    check is enabled.  How can I disable it?

A.: Thanks to Christopher Naegel for providing the following instructions:
    1. Open a command line with admin-rights:
          Start -> execute -> CMD (with admin rights).
    2. Type:
          bcdedit /set loadoptions "DDISABLE_INTEGRITY_CHECKS"
          bcdedit /set nointegritychecks ON
    3. Close the command prompt and start group policy editor:
          Start -> execute -> gpedit.msc
    4. Go to:
          User Configuration -> Administrative Templates -> System ->
          Driver Installation -> Code Signing for device drivers
    5. Enable this policy and set it to Ignore state.

Q.: How many differencies are between the Ultra Defragmenter and 
    well known JkDefrag application?
	
A.: Analysis algorithm is generally the same. But defragmentation is done 
    in different ways. JkDefrag tries to optimize files placement using 
    original algorithm that is complex enough. On the other hand, Ultra 
    Defragmenter is simple as possible - it tries to move all fragmented 
    files to free space areas. Nothing more. 'Compact' option was added to 
    give you an ability to move all files to the beginning of the volume to 
    enlarge free space areas for future defragmentation success.

    The best advantages of the Ultra Defragmenter are an ability to defragment 
    system files at boot time and well readable reports. Also our program has 
    a nice GUI that is very important for many peoples. At the same time 
    advanced users can use console interface that is a little bit faster 
    because don't use any cluster map representation.

    The main disadvantage of both applications (Ultra Defragmenter and JkDefrag) 
    is that they are based on MS defragmenting interface that has very ugly 
    implementation. We can't change it's behavior because it's a part of the 
    filesystem drivers (ntfs.sys, fastfat.sys) that are too complex and not 
    open source to modify or replace them.

Q.: How can I use filters?

A.: The include field is where you enter substring expressions that match
    file names (incl. path) that you want to defragment. And the exclude field
    expressions disable defragmentation of matching files. You can enter 
    multiple expressions, separating each with a semicolon (;).
    The next field in the form is captioned 'Ignore files greater than.' Files
    over this size are not dedragmented. You may specify sizes with the following 
    suffixes: (Kb | Mb | Gb | Tb).

